# The Scorpion Guard's Better PvP Pardus Extension

[![Chrome Web Store Version](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/flbeciljbdgkljhfmmgnglcjilacfgfe)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/flbeciljbdgkljhfmmgnglcjilacfgfe)
[![SGPvP Mozilla Add-on Version](https://img.shields.io/amo/v/pardus-sgpvp)
](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/pardus-sgpvp/)

**SGPvP** is a free browser extension that enhances the user interface of the
online space game [Pardus](http://www.pardus.at/). It adds configurable keyboard
shortcuts to many in-game actions, making it faster to perform repetitive tasks,
and especially giving you an edge in player vs. player combat.

This extension is approved by the Pardus developers.

## Installation

Follow the instructions of the web store for your browser:

 * [Install SGPvP Extension for Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/flbeciljbdgkljhfmmgnglcjilacfgfe)
 * [Install SGPvP Add-on for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/pardus-sgpvp/)

Once installed, reload your Pardus tab, press the key _i_ (for _info_), and find
and click the link to the online help.

## News

On July 2024, after seven years of dormancy, SGPvP version 44 has been
released. This is a redesign to conform to Chrome's "manifest V3" requirement,
in time to survive deprecation of V2. Here's to seven more years of uneventful
service!

## A note about SGPvP TE

At some point in those seven years, due to my disinterest in working on this
extension, other developers forked the code and published their own improved
versions, for which I'm very grateful. Of note is Tsunder's popular [Trader
Edition](https://github.com/Tsunder/SGPvP), with additional non-combat commands,
as well as "autopilot" navigation which is quite magical.

All features of SGPvP TE have now been merged into this versionâ€”let's call it
"plain" or "original" SGPvP.

**As a user, for the time being, you should uninstall SGPvP TE and install plain
SGPvP from one of the links above.** This is because plain SGPvP actually works
on current Chrome, after the phase-out of manifest V2, and it includes all the
functionality from SGPvP TE.

If/when SGPvP TE pulls this code again as a base for future improvements, you
will be able to use either version, at your option. I will try to keep this
one up to date, promise.

When you switch from plain to TE, and vice versa, you will have to export and
import your keymap, and configure again your QL and armour settings. Sorry about
that. You actually can have both installed at the same time but, it goes without
saying, one of them should be disabled at all times.
